Basic Design outline for front end UI

Objective:
Assist user in organizing large libaries of songs into playlists

User needs:
. Browse catalog of songs
. Create playlists based on data points available from API
. Generate playlists by search criteria
. Smart generation of group of playlists from libary of songs

Workflow:
1. User greeted at home page (instructions for how to use this app?)
2. Log in using authentication or automatically logged in
3. Choose playlist or songs to load into database
4. Auto generate playlists
	a. Start with seed artist, track, genre
5. Review and modify resulting playlists and add each desired one to library
6. Log out


Design:
The meat and bones of the project is generating playlists from a given library. 
The first method of identifying similar songs is vector/cosine similarity
analysis, using the various data points we have for each track.

Since the range of possible values for many of the data points is from 0-1, the
cosine range will be limited in range as well. 

The first idea for to account for this limited range is to calculate
different cosine values for different sets of data points. For example, data
points like danceability and energy are more related and relevant for track
similarity than speechiness and valence. Intelligent grouping of data points to
compare will yield better results.
	- What about using Euclidean distance instead? Would this be more accurate
	  for how different values are actually?
		. On the assumption that two very different data points can have a
		cosine of 1 yet the values for each data point are simply amplified. 


Out of scope (future enhancements):
. Sampling songs from app for ease
. Adding songs into database from online Spotify catalog
. Create playlists that include every song in library
. Introduce songs from user library to add to existing playlist
. Calculate track similarity based on analyzing "mood" or "color" of the track
and comparing to other tracks with similar color (music -> color)
(https://hackernoon.com/how-to-use-machine-learning-to-color-your-lighting-based-on-music-mood-bi163u8l)
